Remove dynsym library name for ELF imports (#1418)
mandiant/capa: CHANGELOG.md

- nursery/enumerate-pe-sections-in-dotnet @mr-tz
- nursery/destroy-software-breakpoint-capability echernofsky@google.com
- nursery/send-data-to-internet michael.hunhoff@mandiant.com

> -

Reviewer: i think we need this to be here for our bot to update the rule list, would you please revert this line deletion?

(thanks for trying to clean this up)

### Bug Fixes

> - extractor: removed '.dynsym' as the library name for ELF imports. get_file_imports now only returns the API name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- extractor: removed '.dynsym' as the library name for ELF imports #1318 @stevemk14ebr 
```

Reviewer: fixes CI failure
